Constraints I have: (Joining date is almost after 1.5 months of my LWD in previous organization) 

1.	It is a concern for me as if it was normal conditions I could have waited but keeping in mind this Covid situation what if during this period we come to any unexpected situation and offer is revoked or Joining is put on Hold.
2.	What if given Covid situation we are not able to make to base location for longer duration as numbers are increasing what will be effect.
3.	I am not sure if you remember, I had gap of 1 week in my two organization relieving date and Joining date which you asked why and I have given justification but this time it is 1.5 months so I fear it can have impact on profile.
4.	I am just bit confused when we started this process if I am not wrong we were looking for some early Joiners who can join within 30 days then why we are not asking to wait for close to 50 days ?
5.	What if tomorrow we hit a road block in BGV process due to Covid then being a finance firm might be I have to face some challenges.

Note: I am doing this If and Else just because I don’t have any backup support and my family depends totally on me financially so it is big decision for me where I seek your help.

What I am requesting For:

1.	Early Joining date and for same you can adjust my Joining bonus as I am happy with lesser amount but preferring to Join firm early, may be some fast track process please 😊


Why Should you Consider:

1.	As always I said, I don’t want pay on top of my current offer and didn’t set any expectations regarding pay what ever you offered is I am happy and has no significant difference than what I am already getting.

2.	As initially I told I started looking for an option as I was not happy with Tech offered and MS is one of my dream organization whereas Jenson explained tech wise seems it is going to be interesting work 😊

3.	I never did any negotiations related to pay or anything and put my one constraint (WFH once in quarter) upfront which was sorted so in same way I want to raise this.

